Add workload over-view documentation (#23)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/PATh/overview/references/workload-overview.md

resource requirements. In the case of simulations, the unique inputs might involve randomness in the jobs themselves. 

#### Task Attributes

##### Unique Inputs/Simulations

The number of unique inputs, translates directly to number of tasks. Typically, will be the size of the input space or in the case of simulations the
number of simulations to run. 

##### CPU Cores

The number of cores needed to run one job

##### GPUs

The number of A100 GPUs needed to run one job

##### Memory ( in GB )

The amount of memory in gigabytes needed to run one job

##### Disk  ( in GB )

The amount of disk in gigabytes needed to run one job

##### Walltime ( in hours )

The amount of time in hours required to run one job

### Shared Files

Shared files are the files within an [Ensemble](#ensemble) that can be accessed by [tasks](#tasks).

Example: Data, Analysis Models, etc.

#### Shared File Attributes

##### Size ( in GB )

The size of the file in gigabytes

## Examples

To help provide an idea of how you might update your existing workload to the HTC model we have provided an example below. 

!!! tip

>       The PATh team has alot of experience updating workloads to fit the HTC environment. Please contact support if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The PATh team has significant experience updating workloads to fit the HTC environment. Please contact support if you
```
